Infinum/feature/formatter documentation (#53)
infinum/iOS-VIPER-Xcode-Templates: Documentation/Formatter Usage Guide.md

### Formatter

```swift
final class RxPokemonDetailsFormatter {
}

// MARK: - Extensions -

extension RxPokemonDetailsFormatter: RxPokemonDetailsFormatterInterface {

    func format(for input: RxPokemonDetails.FormatterInput) -> RxPokemonDetails.FormatterOutput {
        return RxPokemonDetails.FormatterOutput(sections: createTableViewSections(from: input.models))
    }

}

private extension RxPokemonDetailsFormatter {

    func createTableViewSections(from pokemon: Driver<Pokemon>) -> Driver<[TableSectionItem]> {
        pokemon
            .map { [unowned self] in  createSections(with: $0)}
    }

    func createSections(with pokemon: Pokemon) -> [TableSectionItem] {
        var items: [TableSectionItem] = []
        items.append(createDescriptionSection(pokemon))
        return items
    }

    func createDescriptionSection(_ pokemon: Pokemon) -> TableSectionItem {
        return RxPokemonDetailsSection(items: [RxPokemonDetailsItem(model: PokemonDetailsItem.description(pokemon))])
    }

}
```

> Lastly, we get to our beloved Formatter. We only have the formatting/mapping logic inside the Formatter. Since it is a simple example, it doesn't have many lines of code but it still helps us with the maintainability and readability following the SRP. Inside the <i>format</i> function we use the same principle as with the Presenter. Take the items from the input and convert them into needed models. The Formatter can have much more formatting and item creation logic and that's why you want it in one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, we get to our beloved Formatter. We only have the formatting/mapping logic inside the Formatter. Since it is a simple example, it doesn't have many lines of code but it still helps us with the maintainability and readability following the SRP. Inside the <i>format</i> function we use the same principle as with the Presenter. Formatter will take the networking models from the input and convert them into items consumed by the view. The Formatter can have much more formatting and item creation logic and that's why you want it in one place.
```
